well seasoned for zobel and I pretty
much reviewed most of the episodes now
what else is there to do no not exactly
I don't plan on making a video of my
favorite episodes from season four
however you can click on the link below
to go on my deviantart page where i
listed my top 10 episodes of season four
and if i do review episodes from season
five or Equestria girls to that it will
most likely be kool out with some of the
other analysts on bail channel I will
also begin to review fan animations like
don't mind at night good time by shades
of ever free and maybe kp's secret
project I also plan on doing reviews of
other cartoon shows that I've watched
over the years and those will include
co.labs top 10 to 13 some many reviews
and for some questions I intend to go
over cartoons from Cartoon Network
Nickelodeon and even the disney channel
on another note i have been getting a
lot of feedback on the meanwhile video
saying that it was funny as hell and
wondering if I'm gonna make a second one
and if they can be in it as well now I
do intend to make another one of these
but wait wait hold on hold on the next
one is actually going to take some time
to do since I want to add in some
animation to the video as well as
include the individuals who did it make
it in the post video and this time
around there will be a lot more people
in it from the analysis community and I
do plan on getting some musicians and
animators involved in this project as
well but who knows and this time the
video won't be posted on my channel it
would be posted on the web cafe channel
by the loonie total and that's also what
you can catch out soon to be with cafe
series that I'm helping with as soon as
we find some artists and animators for
it and my last bits of info I am still
looking for some artists to do
background designs pony Oh Sees as well
as some I can use for other cartoon
shows such as animals humans aliens or
combinations of the three I don't know
we're also looking for audience and
animators for the whip cafe so message
me or the loony total for details we are
trying to come up with a styles such as
flash that is easy to replicate so we
can have multiple orders for it now
he'll come some bad news I have a total
of twelve match third-party content on
my videos but he soon I need to defend
them and hopefully that doesn't acquire
a strike on my account because that will
set me back or if it ends up by the
doctor Wolfensohn and then I will be
screwed on so many levels but that's
nothing to worry about at the moment
right now I would like to give a shout
out to my friend Squibbles for
supporting me on patreon for those who
don't know him he will views fan walk
and fan fictions as well as some grim
talk on his channel so click on the link
to his channel or clicking the link in
the description below and I'm pretty
much done for now so keep a lookout for
my videos I will see you all next time
thanks for watching